<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en-US"><head><meta charset="UTF-8" /><title> Preface </title></head><body xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:type="bodymatter"><section id="id_6"><h1 id="dtb_66" xml:lang="bn-IN"> Preface </h1><p id="dtb_67" xml:lang="bn-IN">
					<span id="dtb_68">The secondary curriculum has been revised in the light of National Education Policy 2010 which emphasises learning English as an international language for communicating locally and globally. </span>
					<span id="dtb_69">The <em id="dtb_70">English For Today</em> textbooks have been developed to help students attain competency in all four language skills, i.e. listening, speaking, reading and writing.</span>
				</p><p id="dtb_71" xml:lang="bn-IN">
					<span id="dtb_72">The development of curriculum, syllabus and textbook is a continuous process. </span>
					<span id="dtb_73">In continuation of it, this book has been developed and rationally evaluated by a group of experts, which included curriculum specialists, subject specialists, teacher trainers and classroom teachers. </span>
					<span id="dtb_74">The contents and illustrations of this book have been developed in order to suit the learners age and cognitive level. </span>
					<span id="dtb_75">The book emphasises practising language skills through a variety of meaningful and enjoyable activities.</span>
				</p><p id="dtb_76" xml:lang="bn-IN">
					<span id="dtb_77">The publication of teacher's guide is under process. </span>
					<span id="dtb_78">The teacher's guide will help teachers plan lessons more effectively and teach students communicatively through teaching learning activities.</span>
				</p><p id="dtb_79" xml:lang="bn-IN">
					<span id="dtb_80">My heartfelt gratitude goes to the curriculum developers, writers, illustrators and coordinator who worked under tremendous time constraints. </span>
					<span id="dtb_81">Without their sincerity, commitment and hard work, it would not have been possible for NCTB to develop the English textbook <em id="dtb_82">'English For Today'</em>, making it available to teachers and students all over the country by January 2013. </span>
					<span id="dtb_83">Recently, the national evaluation and tryout program has been completed to make correction and revision of the textbook. </span>
					<span id="dtb_84">I hope the outcomes of the program will be reflected in this revised edition. </span>
					<span id="dtb_85">Any constructive suggestions for the improvement of the textbook will be welcomed and incorporated in future editions.</span>
				</p><p id="dtb_86" xml:lang="bn-IN">
					<span id="dtb_87">I also sincerely thank all involved in the production, revision and publication of this textbook. </span>
					<span id="dtb_88">If this book is used properly, it will no doubt facilitate learning English at the desired level.</span>
				</p><p id="dtb_89" xml:lang="bn-IN">
					<span id="dtb_90">Prof. </span>
					<span id="dtb_91">Md. </span>
					<span id="dtb_92">Abul Kashem Miah</span>
				</p><p id="dtb_93" xml:lang="bn-IN">Chairman</p><p id="dtb_94" xml:lang="bn-IN">National Curriculum &amp; Textbook Board </p><p id="dtb_95" xml:lang="bn-IN">Dhaka</p></section></body></html>